feat(accounts): Add notifications for account events (#3458)
pennersr/django-allauth: allauth/templates/account/email/base_notification.txt

{% extends "account/email/base_message.txt" %}
{% load account %}
{% load i18n %}

> {% block content %}{% autoescape off %}{% user_display user as user_display %}{% blocktrans with site_name=current_site.name %}Greetings {{ user_display }},

Reviewer: The `base_message.txt` already contains a greeting, so doing so here again results in:

```
Hello from example.com!

Greetings user,

You are receiving this mail because the following change was made to your account:

Your password has been changed.
```

We need to drop this greeting here.

Author: Removed the greeting

{% load i18n %}

> Hello {{ username }},

Reviewer: Not all sites use username -- better use `{% user_display %}`

> {% load i18n %}

Reviewer: This template should inherit from `base_message.txt`.

{% extends "account/email/base_message.txt" %}
{% load i18n %}
{% load account %}
{% user_display user as user_display %}

{% block content %}
Hello {{ user_display }},

> We wanted to let you know that there has been a recent change to your account information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are receiving this mail because the following change was made to your account:
```

I would make it a bi more concise ("recent change" / "we wanted to let you know" does not convey much info).

> Here are the details of the change:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

(Not needed anymore...)

{% block notification_message %}
{% endblock notification_message%}

> Change details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change details:
```

> Time: {{timestamp}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When: {{timestamp}}
```

> IP address : {{ip}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From what IP address : {{ip}}
```

> Browser agent : {{browser_agent}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The browser that was used : {{user_agent}}
```

If this change was not made by you, please contact us immediately at support of {{site_name}}.

> {% endblock %}

Reviewer: You have put `endblock` on a line of its own with an empty line just before it. I suspect that this results in too many white space before the "Thank you for using our site" footer. Can you have a look at how the final mail is formatted?
